Section 1: General Awareness
Web Development Basics:

1- What is web development, and why is it essential in the context of the internet?
	Web Development is all about creating and managing websites.
HTML Knowledge:
2- Have you heard of HTML? If yes, what does HTML stand for, and what is its primary purpose in web development?
	Yes, HTML is a markup language used to define the content of a webpage, I don't know exactly what the 	acronym HTML stands for.


Section 2: Familiarity with CSS
CSS Understanding:
3- Are you familiar with CSS? If yes, briefly explain what CSS is used for in web development.
	Yes, CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheet and it is used for styling defining the layout of the content on 	web page. 
	

Section 3: JavaScript and Its Importance
Introduction to JavaScript:
4-Have you heard of JavaScript? If yes, what is JavaScript, and why is it crucial for building interactive websites?
	Yes and no, I'm still very new to JS but I know in web dev it is used for adding interactivity and 	functionality to websites as well work on the backend with node.js and maybe other ways I don't know of, 	but again still very new to it.

	
Section 4: Introduction to React and Node.js
React and Node.js Awareness:
Are you familiar with React and Node.js? If yes, provide a brief description of what React and Node.js are commonly used for in web development.
	Yes and no again, I know React is a JS library used for Frontend stuff and Node.js had something to do 	with backend, I never delved into the backend.

Section 5: Bonus Question
Learning Intentions:
Why do you want to learn web development, and what do you hope to achieve by acquiring skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Node.js?
	I'm really hoping to build a stable career in web development and potentially other areas of programming 	in the 	future like game design, I enjoy the beauty of making something functional and creative t the same 	time, I also love the possibility of working remotely.